Add truncate option in static-responder to set TC bit (#211)
folbricht/routedns: doc/configuration.md

]
```

> Retunr emtp answer with TC (Truncate) bit set so DNS client is instructed to retry the query using TCP instead of UDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return an emtpy answer with TC (Truncate) bit set so the DNS client is instructed to retry the query using TCP instead of UDP.
```
